\chapter{Playing poker as a professional}

Are you a poker professional? If you've got no other income and you're
making money solely through poker, then you're a professional. For the
Spring Campaign of 2019, I was a poker professional. This chapter
covers important aspects of playing poker as a pro.

\section*{Keep your expenses down}

You don't want to go through life as a tightwad but you don't want to
go wasting your money either. It's a fine line. One thing I always do
that saves me \$40 or so is book my Sydney Airport Carparking at the
cheaper carpark that's a ten minute walk away from the
terminal. In effect I pay myself \$2 a minute for a 10 minute walk
each way. It's nice to get paid for walking. My trip to Crown ended up
being expensive nonetheless because I didn't book the tickets until
the day before we had to fly; that was quite annoying and my Crown
winnings of a bit under \$900 didn't cover the cost of the trip, but
any winnings are good winnings. I'll be going to Crown in the second
week of November, and booking my flights and parking well in advance.

Canberra trips incur expenses of petrol and often one night's hotel,
but a tank of petrol for my car is about \$70 and a night's hotel at
a very good hotel can be under \$150. Since I've been winning about
\$2,000 at each Canberra session, the expenses are less than 10\% of
the win.

\section*{Game selection}

I didn't play very often in this campaign, sixteen sessions in ten
weeks which doesn't even work out to twice a week. Obviously the
Petersham 250 Sit and Go is a staple of my calendar now and the
Canberra trips are important when I can fit them in.

There was a big St John's Park \$660 No Limit Holdem Tournament Main
Event at the end of the campaign that I considered playing in, but
passed up. A lot like the Rounders Club, St Johns Park Bowling Club is
a venue that I've never done well at. Apart from skipping that game, I
played in all the games that I felt like playing in for the Spring
Campaign.
