\chapter{Session Reports}

Quick reports on all fourteen of the significant sessions in this
campaign.

\section*{PSH1: Petersham \$250 PLO Sit and Go}

This is a fortnightly game played on Thursday nights at Petersham.
I played it four times in the Spring Campaign for an agreed first,
a split-first, a split-first and a seventh. The games are sessions
PSH1, PSH2, PSH3 and PSH5.

The buyin is \$250 and there's a dealer provided, so it's \$220 to
the prize pool and \$30 to the house. The game has a solid core of
8 or 9 players, and the game is played under ``Spare Stack''
conditions. Spare Stack means that if fewer than 10 people are playing
that night, rebuys are allowed until 10 stacks have been sold.

Sit and Gos used to be all the rage in Sydney club poker; going all
the way back to the PokerDome Newtown days. I love Sit and Gos.
Bigger tournaments and Chip Chops (cash games in disguise) have
consigned the Sit and Go to history but here at last is a game that
combines two formats I really love: Sit and Gos and Pot Limit
Omaha. Send it.

Some of the players in the game have more money than (poker) sense and
are happy to take early chances and re-buy for another \$250 if they
bust and the rebuy option is still available. I'm happy to take just a
single shot; especially since the game has a generous starting stack
of 100,000 and you don't have to get involved in big confrontations
early on if you don't want to.

This game normally ends up with 11 entries in the prizepool and pays
first place \$1520 and second place \$900 (first gets 63\% second gets
37\% this seems a fair split).

In this game I was about a 85\% chip leader and did a handshake deal
with the second place finisher that I was the winner and instead of a
1520/900 split we'd do 1400/1000 with a bonus \$20 tip to the
dealer. Second place was very happy to take this deal and I was that
night's winner and up \$1,150 for my night's work.

When you win this game, the dealer offers to take a ``brag picture''
of you with the winning cash on the table spread out in front of
you. I now have three such brag pictures in my collection; all of which
I've reposted to my Facebook. There's nothing wrong with
pride in a big Sit and Go win.

\section*{MCN1: Marconi \$330 PLO with Rebuys}

Big Pot Limit Omaha tournaments are rare as hen's teeth. There's
probably only 10 PLO tournaments of \$300+ buyins in the Sydney
Pub/Club scene every year and you don't find that many at The Star or
Crown Melbourne either; they typically turn up only in quarterly event
series.

So I normally make an effort to play a bigger PLO game; this game was
on a Monday night where I normally play social cards at Parramatta RSL
club; I play social cards probably 9 weeks out of 10 but I do cancel
occasionally when there's another event on and a Marconi PLO
tournament qualified as another event.

This game is by far the smallest result of my Spring Sessions (+\$10!)
but one of the most important because it was a rebuy tournament and
I'd rebought twice and was invested for \$990!!. The game paid down to
five players and my fourth placing got me \$1000 for the smallest of
profits.

It's better to win a tiny \$10 than to lose an enormous \$990 so this
result is one of the most important of my Spring Sessions. Indeed,
of all of my 14 Spring Sessions, this was the session where I had the
most money invested. Getting out of it with the tiniest of wins was a
fantastic save. This is like a golf player who can't hit a fairway and
is always playing out of the bunkers somehow getting up and down every
time and scrambling an even-par round.

The same game is being played next Monday, 28th October. I'm not as
keen to play it this time around (I don't like being stuck a grand in
a tournament) so I'll just see how I feel on the day.

In general, Pot Limit Omaha is better as a cash game not a tournament
game. No Limit Holdem is better as a tournament game not a cash game.
The Marconi Club game was short-stack (30k) slow blinds and played
very slowly. The Petersham structure of a huge stack and faster blinds
works better and was much more to my liking in this campaign.

\section*{CCA1: Casino Canberra 1/2/5 PLO Cash}

In the introduction I said that the reality of winning money at poker
is that you'll be doing most of it by winning cash games and that's
the truth of my Spring Campaign. Welcome to my cash game: The 1/2/5
PLO game at Casino Canberra.

Casino Canberra is a boutique casino. The entire Casino opens between
the hours of midday and 4am; and poker is only run from 7pm to
3:30am. If you feel like casino poker outside of those hours, too bad.
The casino has no poker machines whatsover, which is very nice.

You reserve your seat at the game by entering the casino at 6:30pm and
placing your footy scarf or card protector or other token at an empty
chair on the first table. All buyins are done by the dealer at the
table. When you cash out, amounts of \$1,000 are paid out in a wad of
10 \$100 notes with a paperclip holding them all together.

The small Holdem game has 2/3 blinds and a buyin range of \$100 to
\$500. So far so standard. The PLO game is 1/2/5 (it's easy to take
the \$5 straddle when it's only \$5 and everyone else at the table is
doing it) with a minimum buyin of \$200 and \textbf{no maximum buyin}.

The fact there's no maximum buyin means some of the players turn up
with satchels full of chips and just casually add on a few thousand
dollars to their stack when they take a beat and they want to make
sure they still cover the table. The main big stacker at the table is
an Asian player named Lok; he is a true force of big stack Omaha.

The last time I played this game (CCA3) the structure was different;
the game was 5/5 PLO no straddle with a buyin range of \$200 to
\$2,000. I do like having an upper limit on the buyin; the game plays
very, very big and I heard that one night there was a three-way
confrontation and a pot of \$30,000 was awarded to the winner. Wow.

Anyhow in this game my \$200 buyin went ballistic and I cashed out for
just under \$3,000 for a \$2775 win. Send it.

\section*{PSH2: Petersham \$250 PLO Sit and Go}

This game was four weeks after my first win at this game described in
PSH1. I had a family committment on Thursday 29th August so was unable
to play as defending champion from my Thursday 15th August breakout
win.

This was a comfortable game and I had a big chip stack from early on
and never looked like missing the money. The other player in the money
had played well also so I was happy to do a straight split with him;
\$1200 each and \$20 dealer tip. A \$950 win for each of us.

\section*{CCA2: Casino Canberra 1/2/5 PLO Cash}

Because I'd missed one of the Petersham games I was keen for a lot of
Omaha action this week and went down to Canberra for Friday night
action. I lost my first \$200 buyin but ran the second buyin up to
\$1975, for a \$1575 win. This session was harder work than CCA1, so I
was happy to take the money and run. There was a big second hand
booksale in Canberra that I was able to buy up big on both the Friday
and the Saturday so this was one of my best Canberra trips ever.

\section*{LAK1: Lakes Hotel 1/1 PLO Cash}

Pride comes before a fall and having won basically \$3,000 from the
Thursday night PLO Sit and Go and the Friday night Canberra action I
went to the Lakes Hotel Sunday night game and gave away \$660.

Some of this might have been at Greyhound Racing bets not poker but
the dollars don't lie and I went home with my tail between my legs. I
never got anything going for the entire session and gave away a few of
my buyins.

\section*{LAK2: Lakes Hotel 1/1 PLO Cash}

This session only just counts as significant and is included mostly
for the fun story of how I got to play in it. I'd visited my Mum and
brother in Tasmania and flew back into Sydney Domestic Airport at
1030pm. Luckily I'd parked my car at the airport and Lakes is close to
the airport so I simply drove to Lakes and bought in for \$100 with
just three hands of the night to go (the pub shuts at midnight and the
poker stops about 1140pm). I rivered a straight on my second hand and
turned that \$100 into \$300 in about eight minutes. Send it.

\section*{PSH3: Petersham \$250 PLO Sit and Go}

My third cash in a row at the Petersham \$250 PLO Sit and Go. The
heads-up play was interesting; I was a fair way behind and my opponent
didn't want to do a deal. Then I doubled through him and I had a 55/45
Chip advantage and all of a sudden he did want to do a deal. I'm a bit
regretful that I didn't play on and go for the good half of the
1520/920 split. Anyhow it was a 1200/1200 split between us and my
third consecutive win at this game. Wow.

\section*{CWN1: Crown Melbourne 5/5 PLO and 1/3 PLO}

A surprise trip to Crown at the request of my girlfriend Cherry. She
had some business at St Kilda Road on the Wednesday morning so we flew
down Tuesday night and I played at Crown from midnight to 640am on
Wednesday 2nd October.

There was only a single 1/3 PLO table at Crown that time with a slow
moving waiting list of six people, so I bit the bullet and jumped onto
the 5/5 PLO table; where the buyin limits are \$500 minimum and
\$2,000 maximum. I was two buyins down and into my third \$500 before
I won my first pot. I flopped bottom set but looked like I'd been
rivered by a flush, but when I checked my cards I saw I'd rivered a
higher flush. I could see that my set was ahead from earlier betting
streets and we were all in on the turn so I was more focussed in the
river being a brick or the board pairing than I was by possible flush
cards on the river. Lucky I checked my cards!

I took a small loss at the 5/5 once my 1/3 seat was finally called. I
blew through some \$150 buyins but they didn't seem to matter compared
to the megapots that were happening with the 5/5 game; which only had
six players at it. I finally got some rungood happening in the 1/3 and
soon shot up to great heights. One hand I was on the right side of a
go-broke hand; I had A987 on a 998 flop and I was against TT98. An Ace
on the turn gave me the entire pot with no Ten on the river for the
player who went broke. Nice for me.

\section*{RND1: Five Dock \$200 No Limit Holdem Tournament}

Rounders Club at Five Dock is a venue where I'd never done well at and
never cashed. Their games have a single lifeline rebuy option for the
first two and a half hours and it's rare for me to escape having lost
just a single buyin. I was encouraged to go to this game by my two
favourite swapmates. We all got close in this game; my first mate came
tenth for the final table bubble and my second mate came ninth for the
money bubble.

For once I paced myself properly and won money at Rounders; coming
fourth from a single buyin of \$200 (no lifeline needed) and getting
\$1,100 for a \$900 win. As I'd never done well
in about six visits to Rounders before, this contribution to my Spring
Campaign is the most unexpected component of my 10k in winnings.

\section*{PSH4: Petersham \$250 No Limit Holdem Tournament}

This game was on the public holiday Monday after the NRL Grand
Final. I'd done well at the previous \$250 Tournament they ran and had
a ``\$100 off your entry fee'' ticket to this game. I lost pretty
early on, having my pocket Aces cracked even after I turned an Ace
(the villain had a straight draw and the Ace on the turn gave him a
runner-runner flush draw and the river brought him a very hard-to-read
runner-runner flush).

\section*{PSH5: Petersham \$250 PLO Sit and Go}

Having got a hat-trick of cashes in my last three tries at this game,
I was surprised to bust out about sixth and never been within a sniff
of the cash. You still need to catch cards and play well to win a PLO
Sit and Go no matter how well you think you're running. I relieved the
dealer for half an hour after I'd busted out and enjoyed the dealing
experience.

This game looks like it will become a multi-table PLO game (no rebuys
and spare stacks only if fewer than 10 people are around or
expected). We started the game as two tables of six players and it
worked well.

\section*{CCA3: Canberra 5/5 PLO}

I'd been planning to go to Casino Canberra and after busting out of
the Petersham PLO Sit and Go for once I couldn't get down to Canberra
fast enough on the following day. Normally I book a hotel for my
Canberra trips but this session was an overnight hit-and-run game. It
took a while for me to start winning pots, indeed I'd blown through
three buyins, losing \$650 until my fourth buyin (of \$200) started
winning me good pots.

In for \$850, I got my stack up to a bit over \$3000 but missed some
good draws and called it a night with \$2870 in chips for a \$2020
win. My biggest hand, that got me to over \$3,000, was a huge pot
where I got quite lucky. I had T933 double suited and on a JT6 flop
with natural and run-run flush chances I got raised all-in by someone
with bottom two-pair T6. The runout didn't bring any flushes but it
did give me a full house by running out JT63J. I don't mind at all
being on the end of a great runout.

\section*{RND2: Five Dock \$200 No Limit Holdem Tournament}

I was out very early in this tournament; a more expected Five Dock
Rounders result for me than the session in RND1. I overplayed JT when
someone was all-in for 10k preflop; I didn't need to be in that pot.
A few hands later I got the chance to race with AK against TT; the
window card was a K but the flop of KQT had me well behind and I was
out early and sensibly decided not to exercise my lifeline option.
